Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight. We are going to pray like we always do.
We have much work to do, but I feel we have made a lot of headway in the last 48 hours.
This is going over 24 hours now. 48 hours, right? Since our last video. We didn't do one yesterday. Braden is working hard.
He is about to take some classes and do some stuff to learn how to do more of all this stuff he does.
So, we are excited about it. I told him, I said, Hey, how long it takes, I do not know.
Whatever you want to do. So, it is exciting to see him grow. I am proud of him.
Braden said, Dad, there is so much happening for the stuff that we have prayed is coming to pass in the news.
And so, I just want to say this before we get started. We give all the glory to Jesus.
Everything, all that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God. We give everything, all to him the highest praise.
It is always to attract to tell the people that he is coming, to deflect to him, to always show that it is not about us.
It is all about Jesus on this channel. And we are so excited that he let us be a part.
And I am so excited that you are here. But when we are praying, we are seeing what we are praying before.
Like I said, we do not pray the news. We pray what is coming in the news. And so we are doing that. And look what happened.
So, we will go back to some of the videos that I have told you what the spirit of the Lord showed us.
And so, it is in the news just to give you some encouragement that we are making progress. We are doing things.
And I believe by the power of Jesus'indwelling on the inside of us, that is how we are getting it done.
Right. All right. Show about Alex. That was my favorite. Alex Jones.
You want to watch this part? Play it. I was just excited because what did I tell you?
The Lord said Alex Jones will become like a John the Baptist in these end times and he will start to proclaim the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ in his second coming.
And that God said I will use him. And I saw an attempt coming with a crossbow and the Lord said I will spare his life.
I will save him and he will become even louder and bolder yet concerning the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And I saw Alex Jones become radically born again. Radical born again.
Now you say, Well, I do not agree with everything he says. You do not agree with everything I say. We know we get the letters.
But I am going to tell you, look, I want you to hear what Alex Jones says out of his mouth concerning this.
This just happened, by the way. Go ahead. Which part? You want to part where he is knocking at the door or the whole thing?
The whole thing is gold. Okay. Oh wait. I do not know what is death of the old self.
You need to turn loose of the flesh. I know it is scary the moment you do it and just embrace death of the old self.
Let us go to the knock. Okay, it is a five minute clip. That is too long.
Embrace death and you will be reborn. You are not betraying your people.
You are fulfilling your people. Ask Christ. Ask the Holy Spirit into your soul.
Accept Jesus Christ. Take Christ's hand. He is at the door. Open the door.
What do you have to lose if this is all crap? But you know, do you fulfill your destiny?
Call on Jesus Christ. Save the world. Bring forth the Messiah.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Bible tells us he starts talking.
He is trying to lead people to Jesus. And I was like, get out of here.
Braden showed that to me. I got so excited. I said, it is happening.
It is happening. The power of prayer. Look at that. It is happening. It is the first stages.
Do you all see what happens when we join together as a family and pray for individuals like the Kardashians and Candace Owens and things? I still am believing for fruit with that, praying for her.
The Lord showed us about him specifically to pray for him and pray for Mel Gibson that he said these key people I will use in a great way like an overflow in the days ahead for and Justin Bieber.
Yeah. What? Bieber whatever I say his name messed up all the time.
It is not a beaver like a beast building a dam. Bieber or something.
Whatever. You know, they know what they mean. Okay. So, glory to God.
Don't make me laugh, Braden. So, all glory to Jesus. We are excited to see that Jesus is knocking on your heart.
I got excited about it. I was like, he is knocking on everybody's heart.
Will you let him in? Will you let him in? And so, we saw that that is what the Lord said.
It is going to come to pass. I believe with all my heart. See, look at that.
Alex Jones'lifesaving message about salvation. Is that too cool?
I mean, I do not know. I camped around that boy. I was like, that is neat.
It is because the Lord said, I will use him. I am going to use him in these last days.
Oh, glory to God. Jesus is coming so soon. So exciting times.
Number two, what else did you see, Braden? Trump hints US will turn to Cuba after Iran. Just a question of time. What did I tell you? Two at once.
There are things that I have seen and I will be careful because you do not want to say too much because we want our men and women to be protected as they go about doing what they have signed up to do to protect this nation.
But I already told how many times did the Lord say that Braden through this, Cuba is next.
Cuba is next. That man is going down and I said they will raise up a leader. They will be a major leader.
Marco Rubio will they will raise up a leader that will bring great revival and stability to Cuba for the first time in decades and great financial growth will come up out of Cuba.
And there will be a new turning of a tide concerning Cuba in the days ahead. And God said, I am not done with Mexico, all those areas.
What you are about to see, ladies and gentlemen, is a major revival in the Spanish community.
The Hispanic population. This is this Cuba guy celebrating, not I would not say grieving, mourning, whatever.
I am celebrating. It is not celebration. Mourning of the Ayatollah supporting him.
Mad at Trump. He looked like he is in a bunker to me. Does it not kind of look like a bunker?
He put a flag on the wall. He is down in a bunker. It looked like with the doors there, the sliding doors and stuff.
There is a window. Maybe he is not in a bunker. I see a window in the background.
In a mirror. Is that a light in the background though to make it look like he is outside?
You know how you can put one of these lights that I have in here?
Makes it look like it is really bright, like it is sunshine outside, but that makes it so your mind does not feel like you are in a bunker.
Like a movie set. Like a movie set because if you are in a bunker too much, it messes with your psychological, you know, too much.
So they put the lights behind there to make it look like, hey, you are not in a bunker, maybe.
I do not know. Maybe they are not. Maybe he is. I just think it is kind of interesting.
He is probably in an office somewhere up top, but I have seen him in a bunker a lot when I pray in a side of a mountain.
But I know his days are numbered. I know Cuba, that man's days, you can take to the bank, ladies and gentlemen. The days of that man are numbered.
And that when that government falls, God is going to raise up a new leader to lead the people of Cuba in a way that will be all to his glory.
And the same with Claudia, her days are numbered. She is right after.
And I saw her be removed and I saw the cartel go down with mercenary groups.
I am telling you, I saw a major Holy Ghost wave hitting Mexico in the days ahead, months ahead, all throughout South America, all throughout Brazil and Colombia and Venezuela.
I'm telling you, a major move of God. I'm excited to see some of this come to pass.
And what we hear him say, Cuba is next. You're next. I have never seen Kim in any of those times other than he turns on himself.
Every time I prayed, I see somebody that is so nuts. I mean, he is not right in his thinking; he is being paranoid.
I saw him actually harming his cooks, the people who cook his food.
He becomes paranoid that somebody is trying to poison his food when he eats.
As I was praying in the spirit, I saw him turning on each cook and eliminating them, bringing in somebody else because he is thinking all the time that somebody is trying to poison his food.
I saw him becoming so paranoid and the only way I could describe it is like Saul whenever he is thinking David is coming after my throne.
He is nothing like Saul; he is crazy. This guy is a devil. We know that God said, I am going to liberate the people of North Korea in the days ahead.
But I saw them turning on themselves. Kim Jong-un, his cabinet, his military, his sister; the Lord said, I am going to deal with this.
It will be just like Pharaoh. I saw the angel armies. Braden, do you have that clip?
One of my very first times I spoke it when the Lord said it. Play that one again if you want to play because that was powerful.
It was only a couple minutes, but it stirred people up about North Korea.
It is one of the very first videos I ever put on YouTube. You can fast forward it.
It is when I very first started this. It sounded Asian to me. Then the Lord started to speak to me and I seen a vision of North Korea.
The Lord told me, he said, Brandon, I am going to, he said, I have heard the prayers of my people in Asia.
I have heard the underground churches. The torture, the things that they have gone through, have come up before me.
And he said, I am bringing liberation to the people of North Korea. He said, I am going to shake them.
You will not even see this in the news because of them suppressing things.
But I am going to bring a holy terror on Kim Jong-un and the family and the bad people and regime.
And he said, I am going to shake that nation and they will have a liberation like the children of Israel did.
He said it will be a great shaking. You will not see a lot of this in the news.
I will say that again. He said you will see signs of it in the spirit realm. That is what he told me.
He said, for therefore, I am sending my angels and great manifestations of angels are coming to North Korea.
People are being tortured in prisons. They are being tortured by the evil government there.
And he said, I am sending my angelic beings, my angelic presence to deliver the people, and they are going to have an experience like never before.
North Korea will be reached for the kingdom of God, and there will be a manifestation of my glory upon North Korea.
He told me, I am going to deal with the dictator. I am going to deal with Kim Jong-un, and I am going to deal with his family.
And then he showed me China, South Korea, and Japan. And he showed me a great mighty move of God coming upon those people.
It is 2023, July. The Lord still is talking to me about it again.
And he said to me, there is going to be a great revival, Brandon.
As I prayed into it again over the last couple of days, Kim Jong-un came out and said he would support as we have talked about it.
I saw Kim Jong-un laying back in a lazy boy chair like a lounge looking area and he was talking on the phone and they had a plan.
So as I was praying, because I do not remember what I have said and what I have not said, Kim Jong-un said, we will provide Iran with one thing that will annihilate them forever.
Which we all know what that will be is what he said he would help the Ayatollah people with. I thought that would be a very foolish decision.
But as I have been praying into China and Ping, I keep seeing he is making a decision concerning Taiwan on the timing of when they believe they could take it.
As I have prayed into it, I keep seeing a 3-day window of when they start and that it will be similar to what happened in Venezuela.
I pray over the people of Taiwan. I pray over the whole area; they are dear to my heart, the Asians, praying for the Asian community.
That is what I feel our assignment is. We will pray some over that tonight.
The other part was praying over the hidden underground missile silos, these missile bunkers that they are hiding and harboring these missiles under the ground.
We are going to pray again tonight for our people, our intelligence to find every single cave, every single place of hiding, to be able to get rid of these weapons.
From what I understood, Braden said, Dad, they found some of them today.
Yes. US strikes Iran's underground missile base. So, there is an underground missile base.
And these tunnels full of explosives are things that they could keep using.
Now, the Iranian government seems to not be trying to be phased.
They try to come out like they are bold and saying that everything, you know, we are prepared for this because of the Mahdi and trying to get prepared for the Mahdi to take over and all these things they are saying and that this thing is going to draw out for a long time.
But most people say the United States and Israel only have enough supplies to last for a month, which we have only been at it a week now, so we have three more weeks.
I do not know if that is the truth or not. There is so much fake news with all the stuff being posted.
You do not know what you are listening to if some of it could be real, some of it could not.
The other part was when we were praying last video, I saw Pakistan trying to rally against America concerning joining up with Iran in the days ahead.
Pakistan started sending in military troops to help out with Iran.
This is what I saw in the spirit concerning Pakistan. So you might as well label it World War III.
Look here. Go ahead with what is going on with Russia and all that. This is the Pakistani ambassador to Russia.
He says Iran's supreme leader was widely respected and loved by the people of Pakistan. This is what the Lord was showing me concerning Pakistan.
Remember, this was last video and I was praying I could see Pakistan and what the Lord said.
Watch Pakistan. Don't take your eye off this United States. Pakistan is bad. And same with Cuba.
I saw that device down underneath the ground in Cuba that if you back a dog in a corner, they would try to use it like a Hiroshima. That is what I think. Weird stuff.
Imam Khomeini was a very revered scholar, a religious figure and of course the spiritual leader of Iran and he was widely respected and loved by the people of Pakistan.
He was also a profound scholar of Allama Iqbal, the national poet of Pakistan, and that was something which was very close to the people of Pakistan because whosoever met him in the last 30 to 40 years professionally, they said he always used to quote verses of what is known as poetry.
It is a great tragedy; the people of Pakistan feel the pain of the brotherly people of Iraq. I told you they would try to come to the aid in the days ahead.
I saw them, and that is one of the things the Lord had us praying for last time, was that the Pakistani people and the government would stay out of this.
We do not want this to turn into something that gets real ugly.
And so, how Israel killed the missile from space, the Ayatollah from space.
That is pretty amazing, right? Weapons that we have never seen before.
The Lord said we are going to see weapons. Israel has weapons and is doing things we have never seen before.
Is that one of them? I do not know. Maybe we have seen that before, but I am just watching for when the Lord warns us about something.
Braden tries to keep up with it to check the news and X and all these things, and he is pretty busy.
So, are you all ready to pray? US asked Ukraine for assistance in shooting down Iranian Shahed drones in the Middle East.
Some kind of drones. Pretty crazy, right? So, we are asking Ukraine for help now.
Can you help us out, Zelensky? We have given you a lot of money and a lot of aid.
We need some help. Teach us how to shoot those drones down. You are an expert at it.
Help us out. In fact, you send troops. We would not send troops to you, but will you send troops to us?
I am looking at this. I do not know if that is true. I do not think this is true.
Are you sure? It is saying that our nuclear test was for peaceful purposes.
We challenge no one, but if you think you can capture North Korea like Manila, remember, you are playing with fire.
Kim is paranoid. He is freaking out. Braden has to check everything. There is so much fake news. That had 2 million views.
That is how many people remember I said in the days ahead, they will have so much fake AI news that they will start to make it almost impossible to fact-check everything.
There is so much fakeness. Well, 2 million people watched that and it is fake.
Usually, we go, if it has 2 million views, it must have some legitimacy to it.
No, it is fake. That is crazy. I wonder how many people believed it.
We have been watching North Korea real closely, just because of the things the Lord is showing me.
So, we are praying over it. Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you for this time as we get ready to close out this week. It is almost Friday, the first almost full week of this war.
I thank you, Lord, that we are liberating and taking out the deep, dark people that were murdering.
I thank you, Father, that all these evil Muslim Brotherhood people are being removed and 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full manifestation.
We believe that this is just the beginning of a mighty hand removing dictators from their seat of power, bringing forth a wave of glory on our nations and our continents.
Father, that the glory of God would rest on our churches, that the underground church of Iran would rise up, and that we would see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
But Father, we need the signs and the wonders. Pour out your spirit.
Pour out a greater measure of the glory like we have never seen before. Like a supernatural wind.
I thank you, Lord, that they would start to see the dead raised in Iran and that there would be supernatural signs to show that you are the great I AM.
You are calling one last call for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
You are giving us one last push. I am so excited to be a part of this one last push.
Thank you, Lord, for your presence. Thank you for your mercy.
Thank you, Lord, that we enter into your throne room boldly.
Thank you, Lord, that what we have been praying about in the news will come to pass.
That we will see this greatest manifestation of the glory greater than Azusa Street. There will be Azusa streets all over the place.
That it was not just for one place like California, but the manifestations of the glory will be in our services just like it was in Azusa Street in the early 1900s.
I thank you, Father. The Oru will become Glory Dome. The MABY Center will become the Glory Dome.
Thank you, Lord. Oh, how we long for you to come and get us. But Lord, we will leave victorious with our heads held high, knowing we gave it all we have got.
We are not in retreat mode. We are not in hide-the-kids or hide-your-family mode.
We are in taking-the-land mode, all to the glory of Jesus. Father, with boldness and victory, going from glory to glory.
Lord, I give you praise and glory for allowing all of us to be born for such a time as this.
Thank you, Lord, that we are the closers. You said you are the closers. I save the best for last.
In a baseball game, the pitchers, the closers, were built for pressure.
They do not sway. They do not start acting out whatever they see.
They are in the ninth inning, and they know the bases are loaded and it is a full count.
That pitcher gets up there, gets ready to let that pitch rip, and he does not let the circumstance shake him.
We are closers. Every single one of us are closers and you saved the best for last.
We are going to be even more salty because salt keeps people thirsty.
And Lord, I thank you that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
And as we take this body and we take this blood, we believe we have a covenant.
This represents covenant, that what is yours is mine and what is mine is yours.
And Father, we are your ambassadors on this earth, and as He is, so are we in this world.
We go into the throne room boldly and we sit down at your feet.
We do not fly around like a bunch of chickens and crows, but Father, we fly high like the eagles because we were made with big wings to go up high against all the wind and we soar above the storm, looking out from a distance a long way.
Say, I see what's coming. We're not caught off guard because we're spirit-led.
I'm so thankful, Father, for your body. I'm so grateful, Father, for what you did for us.
That, Father, you were wounded for our transgressions. You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you. And with your stripes, we're healed.
It wasn't that you didn't die for that; we shouldn't walk in health.
All of us have abundance, life more abundantly. All of us can have health.
All of us can have a blessing. All of us can walk in mental soundness.
All of us can walk in a sound marriage, sound children, a sound job, and all the things that you desire, to live life abundantly to the full till it overflows with goodness, mercy, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give unto our bosom.
We believe, Father, that we're that generation that will walk in the authority of the believer.
As brother Hagen said, if you want to see a nation change, read The Authority of the Believer. Know who you are in Christ.
Take your authority according to Ephesians and rise up in these last days with a backbone like a crowbar and take the land for Jesus.
But you've got to know who you are. Father, I thank you Lord for the body.
We take it right now in Jesus'name. Lord, I'm so thankful for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us. We apply the blood of Jesus.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us. And we thank you, Father, that we enter in boldly to your throne room.
We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us. And we're so grateful. I thank you, Lord, right now. We see what you want us to see.
If there's anything, we pray over things uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus and I don't have any familiar spirit bothering me that I only hear what the good shepherd has me to see and hear.
I thank you Father, the bloodline is around me and my wife and my children and we thank you Lord that we sit at your feet right now and you inhabit the praises of your people and we take this blood and we thank you Lord we make much of the blood.
What all did the blood do for us? It washed us as white as snow.
It made us whole. Thank you, Jesus. What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Thank you for the blood, Lord, in Jesus'name.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other fount I know.
It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood.
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. To be whole. Nothing missing, nothing broken. Shalom. To be whole. To be whole. What makes me whole again?
Spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally in my spirit, soul, and body to be whole.
Nothing but the blood. Nothing but what he did on that cross.
We don't have to sacrifice a bull or a goat or a sheep. Jesus was the ultimate sacrifice for you and me.
We're not under the curse. We're not under the curse. Jesus has set us free.
For sickness, I have health. For poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
I'm not under the curse. I'm not under the curse. Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health. For poverty, wealth. For Christ has ransomed me.
Christ paid the price of the broken law. He paid the whole price for me.
He paid it all. Jesus paid it all. He paid the whole price for me.
I'm not under the curse. I'm not under the curse. Jesus has set me free.
He set you free. We are free. For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We've been made free. Thank you, Lord, that we enter in boldly.
And we just take the time to give you praise for a new month, five days into it.
Thank you, Lord, for March. Thank you, Lord, that we're marching forward. Thank you, Lord, for the St.
Patrick's Day parade behind it for great protection around it concerning Chicago.
It's strategic for everything I hear. When I told Brad, I said, 'Put this behind me.
I see it in vision.'When I'm driving today, I see these things.
Pray over the St. Patrick's Day parade. It's a couple weeks all throughout Chicago in the river.
They turn it green praying over massive get-togethers and major parades.
People drinking beer and acting stupid, not paying attention all throughout New Orleans and all these areas and people partying celebrating whatever this is for.
I don't even understand it. Praying over every get-together with a lot of people.
Opening ballpark day on March the 27th concerning New York Yankees and other stadiums.
Might have quoted the wrong day, but I believe it's either 26th or 27th is opening day for ballparks, baseball, outside events, praying over drones.
I keep seeing these drones with attached things on these drones, igniting them inside of major stadiums, baseball stadiums specifically.
Praying over every drone that you could get from Amazon that they would have these drone scanners, you know, the ones that make it fall, you know, jammers.
Thank you. Not a scanner. Jammer. Drone jammers. That New York stadium would have it. All these other stadiums have it. Open stadiums.
Flying those drones in, watching on opening day games, praying over the parades, marathons are coming, spring marathons, Oklahoma City marathon's coming.
There's big things starting to come forth in spring. Highlighted even as I speak, April, it's Easter.
Praying over the churches of America in surrounding areas, but specifically America, Australia, pray over these churches.
Mass, how do I say that for sympathizers, lone wolf attacks like we saw in Austin with mass shootings when the Lord said praying over and still do New Orleans, Tennessee, Nashville, Las Vegas.
I saw those specifically really bold and highlight over Joel's church because it represents one of the largest churches in America, praying over Lakewood, praying over major places like Steven Furtick, praying over their churches, praying over Tampa, praying over John Kilpatrick, praying over.
Remember specifically I said I saw and I try not to name names because you got sister clipboards in here freaking out.
You must take this to God in prayer. Don't be calling everybody up. Leave them alone. Pray. Use your time to pray.
I saw to pray over Cornerstone Church, John Hagee, because he represents supporting the Jews and I saw ISIS members, remember dark people coming to try to do things.
Lord said, 'Pray over John Hagee.'And I saw that he would be protected. I saw that the Lord would sustain his life.
So we continue to stand on these things knowing that the Lord will not let a thousand fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand but nothing shall come nigh us that we pray over these things.
He showed us way in advance to intercede for our churches concerning Easter, praying over the White House, praying over President Trump, praying over his family.
There's specific, very detailed visions concerning his buildings, the Chicago and this river that's behind me.
Praying over these areas. It's very serious, but it's not to fear.
Why? We don't get afraid. Why? Because we already know the outcome if we pray. If you're walking in fear, you're not in faith.
I just believe that God is a God that he's not going to show these things and let us be blindsided.
He wants us to know. Why? Because we have power and authority over these things to pray.
And that's why I told you sisters and brothers, go around these areas and if you live in those areas, go around, plead the blood over the neighborhood.
Go around and plead the blood over your church. Anoint your church with oil. If your pastor lets you, don't overstep his authority.
But if you go over and pray over the doors, I apply the blood of Jesus over every door in my church. They're blessed coming in. They're blessed going out.
But any plot, any plan, or any kind of pursuit to kill, steal, and destroy in my church, we won't have it.
We take our authority, Satan, thus far and no further. You won't touch my kids at school.
And I taught you with the one video, drive around your schools.
Drive around and pray over those teachers. They need your help anyway.
They deal with a lot of unruly kids, distractions because of ungodliness.
Go around praying over those schools. Pray over the principal. Pray over the faculty.
Oh God, I thank you Lord that no weapon formed against this elementary school will prosper. Nothing over my high schools will prosper.
And as it is for me in my house, we serve the Lord and we're covered because the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us and they'll bear me up in their hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.
I apply the blood around the school today. No Columbine's coming here.
No Colorado stuff's coming here. We're not having it. We plead the blood around these schools in Jesus name.
Thank you Lord that the angels of the Lord are protecting Johnny and your daughter at school.
I thank you that your angels are all around at school today. God, I thank you.
Do it. Anoint your kids with oil. Pray over your children. Mom, dad, you say, Well, I'm a single mom.
Then you do it. But anoint your child with oil. You say, Why, I can't get oil?
I got some more from Amazon. The anointing oil coming in there had frankincense.
Had some spikenard in it. Somebody sent it to me from Amazon.
It's nice. Smelt real good. I still got Billy Burks oil. But I'm just trying to tell y'all anoint your kid with oil.
I plead a bloodline around them right now in the name of Jesus.
I put a bloodline on their head. From the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
They're covered by the blood of Jesus. This represents the blood.
The Bible calls for the elders of this church if there's any sick among you to anoint them with oil and the prayer of faith will heal them.
That's what the Bible says. Boy, the prayer of faith will protect them.
The prayer of faith will protect me. I anoint my wife with oil all the time.
I anoint my kid. I walk around. I plead the blood over Braden.
I plead the blood over Paisley, over Megan, over my wife Diana.
I cover her when they get ready for bed and the Lord said, Anoint your house with oil.
I walk around pleading the blood over the windows. I plead the blood over the car. I touch the tires. I put this anointing oil everywhere.
I got them all over the place because I know the power and the authority of the blood of Jesus. It has never lost its power.
But it's when you have faith in it and you understand who you are and that I'm in covenant with him.
I'm a child. This isn't something religious. Do you understand?
This doesn't represent the Catholic Church. It doesn't represent the charismatic church.
It represents the Holy Ghost believer that believes that I have a covenant with God and he loves me and he lives on the inside of me and I have it richly by faith.
Do you understand? If you don't know who you are in these last days, you're in trouble.
You need to understand Psalms 91, Psalms 23, and don't just read it as religious.
Put your name in it. The Lord is Brandon Shepherd. I shall not want.
Whatever your name is, the Lord is my shepherd. Make it personal.
He is Diana's shepherd. We shall not want. He makes me to lie down in green pastures.
He leads me beside the still waters. But you got to make it personal, become real with God.
I told Diana, we talked about it last night. When you get real with God, God becomes real with you and to you.
Stop making it into religion. He is not out here. He is in here.
He lives in me. You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, ladies and gentlemen.
And the more you realize that as he is, so am I in this world, that if Jesus could do it, he said even greater works will you do because I go to the Father.
Why? Because he sent the Comforter, the Holy Spirit. And I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And the more you realize that Johnny and your little girl or whoever, your God sent them to school, I apply the blood of Jesus over them.
There will be no weapon formed against my child that will prosper.
No bullies, no nothing. They're having learning problems? My child has the mind of Christ.
Second Timothy 1 says, God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and of a sound mind.
Soundness. But you need to understand this. This is not some religious act to me.
This is relationship. Do you believe he is with you? He'll never leave you and he'll never forsake you.
Do you believe it? To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
What if something happens? Well, I'm going to be standing with him.
I feel like I have a mission to accomplish and that he has me here for a purpose for right now.
Long life will he satisfy me and show me his salvation. I believe that it's not time yet.
But if I was to go home, I know to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You need to understand who you are and apply this to your children.
Apply this to your car. Apply this to your house. Make much of the blood.
Make much of the blood today. You must make much of the blood of Jesus.
This is not religion. This is relationship. This is not religious.
This is relationship. He's real to me. Stop pretending. Be real.
It's all the fakeness you see in charismatic Hollywood Christianity.
It's baloney. Tear those walls down. Say, I'm going to get real with you today, God.
I talk about it to Diana all the time. We talk about just being real with God today.
He already knows what you're thinking. He already knows where your heart's at.
Just be real with him. Stop pretending. Everything's okay with me and you, God.
And you're so mad. You're so far away. And it's like you're trying to pretend like he don't see it.
He knows where your heart's at. He already knows where your mind's at.
He already knows where you are in your faith. He knows when you're having a bad day.
He knows when you're having a good day. He knows the hairs on your head or the lack thereof.
He knows everything about you. So stop pretending that he don't know.
When you get real with him and know that he knows everything before you even knew, he knows it.
That he knows your future better than you even know your past. And the things you've even forgotten, he still remembers.
The conversations you had that you've forgotten, he still remembers.
You don't impress him by your holiness. It's all by his grace anyway.
I did it all for you, Jesus. And I just sacrificed. I put my life in your hands.
I'm in the natural. The only way I'm good enough is by your blood anyway.
Thank you, Lord. It's all by grace. You saved me. You died perfect.
You sacrificed your life perfect without sin. You became sin.
You became sickness. You became this so that I don't have to.
You took it all for me. Jesus paid the whole price for me. I'm not under the curse.
That's why I keep telling you all. Galatians 3. So, I'm trying to tell you this about the prayer.
I'm trying to tell you how to apply it, sisters, brothers, go and pray.
If you live in Chicago, pray over your cities. Pray over. If you live in Washington, drive around.
You don't have to get the people thinking you're weird and secret service following.
That car has been around here five times. We are going to do a Jericho march.
We are going seven times around. You go driving around the White House seven times.
You do not want to have the Secret Service come and say we need to check your license and registration, please.
You are suspicious. Don't be weird. Pray over it and just don't be flaky.
Represent the Lord well. There are so many flaky people that email us and write us.
You are in left field. You are saying you are hearing God. You are not hearing God.
You are here to fill your spirit. There is a lot of weirdness I get and I just go, "Who is leading these people?
What is going on with this?"He goes, "I have never seen this much flakiness in all my life."We talk about it all the time.
People think they are so dead-on accurate, and they are so lost like a goose in the fog.
You are flying in circles and you do not even know it. You must ground everything you think you are hearing.
Don't be flaky. You have to back it with the word. Find scriptures that pertain to what you are believing for.
Find things in the word. Study the Bible. The Bible says study the word to show yourself approved.
You need to study the Bible more. There is too much flakiness. Read some more.
If you cannot read, like I overcome things and I have to read it over and over, I put it on the Bible app and I listen to it.
I fall asleep with it. I put it in my headphones, not the ear things, the one with the cord, not the one that is cordless.
The Lord warned me about those cordless things. He said they send a signal to your brain.
He warned me about that. He said, "Don't let that play in Braden's ear no more.
Take those off."So, you do the best you can with what you have because there is so much technology and Bluetooth.
We don't put all that stuff on there. I won't let Braden do it.
I won't let Paisley do it. We don't do that. Why? Because the Lord said that is for my house. If you want to do it, do it. I am not here to tell you what to do.
Putting the Bible in your ears all night long listening to it, putting it in your head, keeping that stirred up in your spirit, you will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
The truth is the truth of God. The entrance of his word bringeth forth light. Why?
Because the eyes of my understanding, according to Ephesians, the eyes of my understanding, let it be enlightened.
The entrance of his word bringeth forth light. The word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. It is a light. The entrance of his word brings forth light.
So the more you get this word inside of your heart and your eyes through your eye gates, your eyes be flooded with light.
According to Ephesians, the eyes of my understanding be enlightened. How is it going to be enlightened? By the word.
I wasn't meaning to preach tonight, but there are so many of you all that need to understand there is a storm warning.
There is a storm warning. Major things are trying to happen in this nation right now as we speak.
There is a storm warning. The only way a storm does not happen is if a believer takes authority over a storm. Have you seen me?
My neighbors were like, "What is wrong with that guy?"Because when a storm comes, they try to blow the sirens.
They say there is a tornado coming for Oklahoma. I am out on my porch. "In the name of Jesus, you get out of here, storm.
I have power and authority over the storm."There is a storm warning over Chicago right now. There is a storm warning over New York City right now.
There is a storm warning across America right now for a thousand men rising up and having a Red Dawn experience.
There is a storm warning. Even the FBI is trying to tell you there is a storm warning, but the Lord told us how far in advance, over a year.
This time last year, it was one of the main topics I told you about, barrels of fertilizer.
Most of the people ate me up for that. I do not care. I am trying to warn you.
A storm is coming. But what do you do with the storm? Do you let the storm blow and you look at it?
No. I know the power and authority to pray over a storm. If Jesus can speak to the storm, I can speak to the storm.
So the FBI says there is a storm. They don't say it like that. They do not sell you a storm.
They say there are actual threats, credible things, chatter about circumstances in America because of retaliation.
We already knew this, y'all. All to the glory of God. We already knew this.
I am trying to tell y'all. You could watch our channel instead of watching what you are.
We are the secret intelligence. Follow us, FBI. We will tell you what the Lord is saying.
We are watching way ahead of you. We are trying to warn you. Pray over our nation.
And that may sound arrogant, but it is the God's honest truth.
Pray over our nation. Pray over our president. Pray over Don Jr.
and Eric Jr. Those are the number one targets right now. I am telling you by the spirit of God, you pray over his sons.
Pray over his granddaughter. Pray over their protection. This is what we do right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Eric Jr., Don Jr., all of them.
Father, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Kai, all of them covered by the blood of Jesus.
That a thousand fall at their side, 10,000 at their right hand.
No shootings, nothing come nigh his children. We plead the blood over them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, with long life, Father, you will satisfy them and show them your salvation.
We thank you, Lord, they get radically born again. Father, I cover them in the name of Jesus.
That every plot, every plan, every pursuit over those kids will not happen.
The Islamic terrorist says, "We want an eye for an eye for all the people you have taken out."No, no, no.
We have covering with the angels. The angels are protecting those kids right now.
The angels are protecting my president right now. He is doing exactly what God has told him to do.
This is the valley of decision. Do you understand what we are praying over now?
The Lord said he will make a major decision in the next couple of weeks.
Pray over this decision. I saw the gecko talking to him. Well, you know, we probably should think about all this.
But he pushed the button, Trump. Push the button, Trump. The Lord said, do it. This is about liberation.
This is concerning the end times, concerning bringing forth the Lord Jesus Christ.
Do you understand? I said his very life is in danger. And we prayed over him.
The Lord stood right here. He spoke to me. He said, "Pray over him. He is in the valley of decision.
The decisions that he makes over the next couple of weeks, Brandon, will make or break his presidency, whether he lives and goes through it or he goes home because open doors..."Do you remember I told you all that, and most people thought, "Oh, Brandon, you are..."I said, "Look, the valley of decision,"and I said, "I saw the Supreme Court coming against him,"and I said, "This is the plan B, all these things coming about, all these things happening,"and the Lord showed us way in advance clear back in November.
All glory to Jesus. But I try to tell you the urgency that I feel about going even into July 4th.
From now until then, praying over our churches, praying over our gatherings, and praying over this nation for the 250th anniversary, parades, military parades, and things like that for a shock and awe event that will manifest at the exact same time as a flex to the nations.
I said, "Watch what you... I have seen it."And I keep praying over our troops with Chinook helicopters.
I keep seeing Chinook helicopters. I see a group of Chinook helicopters training and practicing.
Chinook helicopters are going to be used for the next I saw them and said, "Pray over those people in those helicopters.
Pray over the PEL helicopters."And then guess what happens?
You see this right here? All over the news in Texas. We don't understand why they're flying so low.
Look. Do you see it? They're freaking out. What are those helicopters doing?
They're practicing. They're going to use Chinook helicopters.
It's happening all over Texas. They can't figure it all out.
The residents are they're flying low. Why? Because they're getting ready for phase two.
This is what the Lord said, not Brandon. And I told you before this in the news, but the Lord said it.
Do you see them flying? Why are they doing that? Practicing for something. Have you ever seen that happen before?
I've never seen that happen, a group of them just like the Lord showed me in the vision.
We give all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen, for I believe accuracy.
We don't want to be flaky, but we see in part and hear in part, not saying I get everything right.
It's me doing the best I can with what I've been given. I'm seeing.
But I think that's interesting. Did they see it? Yeah. Have they seen it? Yeah. Did they know that was happening? Maybe.
I said phase two is going to come and it's going to shock and awe the world.
It's going to shock and awe the world. That's what the Lord used.
He said it last night, two nights ago, 48 hours ago. He said shock and awe the world.
Oh Father, we thank you for the blood. We thank you for this nation.
We thank you, Lord, that we ain't flaky. We ain't trying to be flaky.
We just keep following you. We seek you, Father. And then you say we will find you.
What are you looking for, son? All right, I'm going to jump in the river. You want to jump with me? Who wants to go tubing?
I appreciate I've said enough, but I try to give you something to give you some encouragement to believe bigger.
There's so much watered down Christianity and God's called us to be so much more than what we are.
God's called us to be so much more than what we are. What was that about the virus?
What was that? Oh, that was about the mouse. Okay, play it. How big of a clip is that?
One more thing. Oh, it's 13 minutes. I don't want There's 100% fatality rate.
They're saying that China's playing around with the rats. I said the next one will be with rats, the next plague will be of rats.
Well, I don't know who this elder guy is. He sounds like he's from Britain or something.
But he said that the rats that they injected, these Chinese people, the government is playing with is the most deadly and it's 100% fatality.
This one's a minute. Okay, play it. We're not trying to scare you. I'm trying to tell you what I saw.
The next one will be a rat with mice, a coronavirus that has got a 100% fatality in mice.
Of all the mice that were infected, they all died. Now, this is the paper here. It's a pre-print paper.
And I must say I'm a little surprised it's been published because the situation in China is often shall we say not always amenable to full peer review.
So I'm a little surprised to see this paper. I'm just wondering if someone's going to get told off for publishing it.
Now the death seemed to be caused by late-stage brain infection.
So they got infection in the lungs and the nose and the trachea as you would expect with a respiratory transmitted virus.
But then they actually got better from that, but they died of brain infection.
I guess we'd call it an encephalitis, a viral infection in the brain itself.
Not a nice way to die at all. So again, I'm a bit surprised this was published to be quite honest.
And you know, today wars have been started to prevent Iran getting nuclear weapons.
These weapons potentially made from viruses are just as dangerous.
And yet this dangerous research is going on and no one really seems to say much about it, let alone start a war about it.
I say I saw this in 2027 and the Lord told me that we have a window to pray against this. So thank you for being here. That's all I can tell you.
I see the fruit of so many believers even tonight that want to come together and learn who they are and stand and plead the blood over their kids because I told you I saw very sobering days coming and this is the stuff I told you, they'll practice with rats and they'll release the rats and when they release the rats it will spread throughout Europe and this is the things that I saw trying to happen and I said it will have, there'll be no cure.
Anybody who gets it goes home. But the people with white suits, with white ties, with this that represents the glorious church comes on with a honey glow all over them and they lay hands on it and the power of God raises up the sick.
I said the revival comes out of very hard times and pressure, everything I've seen.
But it comes through a church that is not even what the Lord said to the last time.
Stop with the racial things and the you're Baptist, I'm Methodist, I'm Catholic, you're Episcopalian, I'm this.
He said, "Come together as the body of Christ."So that's what we're going to do.
We're going to keep doing that. And that's why I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
Red or yellow, black and white, we are all precious in his sight.
And I'm so glad that you're here. Thank you for joining us, all 7,200 of you.
Thank you for taking it serious. Thank you for praying with me.
Just, you know, I'm just a vessel just like you all are. I just said yes.
And he said, "Brandon, I'll use you."But I'm telling you, if he'll use me as much as I'm flawed, he'll use you.
You just have to say yes. Yes, Lord. Here am I. Send me. Use me. I'll do whatever you ask me to do. Even say the hard things.
It's not always going to be easy when you ask me to do something for him because I've figured that out.
But it's the willing and obedient. I'm willing and obedient to obey you, Father, at whatever it takes.
And when he says, "Brandon, I want you to buy this land and build a building on it.
I want you to do that. I'm going to do whatever he tells me to do.
Make a parking lot."Why? Because there's going to be a lot of people here.
Well, Lord, I believe you for the money. Do you understand? It's whatever he tells you.
Even if it sounds stupid at the time, and everybody around you is saying, "Why are you building an ark, Noah?""Because there's a flood coming."What?
What's a flood? You sound crazy. They're all heckling him, but still up there hitting, making that thing work.
Come on, boys. Help me out. Come on. But when the flood came and they were all on the outside of the boat freaking out, pleading, "Let us in!
Let us in!"The door was shut and it was too late. I'm telling you, a flood's coming again, but it's not that kind of a flood.
God's not going to flood the earth again. There's a major storm coming.
That's what I'm trying to say. Type of shadow as in the days of Noah. Are you on the ark?
Are you looking for the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ all around you?
Father, we just thank you, Lord, that we pray over Don Jr. We pray over our president tonight that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We apply the blood of Jesus over the family. We apply the blood of Jesus over this nation.
We thank you, Lord for our churches right now in the name of Jesus.
Every mega church, even the smaller churches, we thank you, Lord. We apply the blood. We cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan over Cornerstone, over John Hagee, over his congregation, over John Kilpatrick, over Rodney Howard-Browne, over Steven Furtick, over any major church.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Joel. We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about those congregations, that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at the right hand.
And even over the churches that you've not spoken to us about, we cover them in the blood. We cover the congregations in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that every school that's represented here tonight, from elementary schools to preschools, to high schools, to middle schools, to colleges.
Father, we cover them in the blood of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan to try to kill, steal, and destroy, we call you tonight in the name of Jesus.
And this is including Europe. I hear the Lord say this is including Europe.
I plead the blood all around Europe right now for black swan events, false flag events, all throughout Sweden, all throughout Germany, all throughout France, all throughout Italy, over the Vatican.
Mysterious fires. Mysterious fires. I see buildings mysteriously burning.
Big buildings, apartment complexes, mysterious fires, but deliberate burning.
This is terrorism. Everything is going to be okay with that, Trump.
Everything is going to be okay with that. Don't worry about it. The hand of the Lord is with you concerning this.
Many might be looking like there's many with them in the natural, but there are more with us than there are with them.
There is a confusion in the camp. I hear the Lord say there is a confusion in the camp.
What I'm seeing is very serious. They'll give you signs of where it is.
They'll give you signs of where they are. They'll tell on themselves.
Strategic. I pray into strategic strikes. Is fleshing out those leaders that are hiding.
Expose these dark ones. We're praying over the intelligence, which ones are real and which ones are not good?
Praying over the targets that are real. To find the stockpiles, we call those stockpiles out.
We call those hidden rooms out. Over the human shields using human shields like Hamas, like the hospitals as human shields.
Underneath the schools, underneath the hospitals, underneath these places using them as human shields.
I see a specific children's school like a playground with a children's school, and underneath this school is a military base like a bunker.
It's as big as the school above. It's underneath the soil of the children's school.
Strategic leaders are there hiding. And one is underneath a mosque.
I see a mosque where a place of worship for the Muslims is. I see this facility is under the mosque.
It's not too deep underneath this mosque either. It's like the basement, and it's that close.
It's inside of this mosque where they go and they worship. And underneath this floor of this mosque is a hideout for these men.
Hiding. And there's tunnels that lead out of this going out underneath the city.
A vast network of tunnels. For tip-offs. I hear for tip-offs. They'll hear you coming before you're there.
Now they're being very strategic of where they're hiding these leaders and the Lord is after every single one of them.
They've tortured their people. They tortured the Christians.
Great persecution to women, very ungodly acts to women. There'll be no place for them to hide.
There's no rock for them to hide under. There's no cave for them to hide in.
There's no mosque to hide under. There's no school to hide under.
There's no hospital to hide under. No old folks home to hide under.
There's no place of refuge for any of them. They're all exposed.
They're all brought to justice as cowards as they are. Some of them are not even in their nation anymore.
Some of them have fled to cities in Iraq. Some have fled to Pakistan. The Lord said these are influence leaders of money.
I see a train horn, what you'd have on a big tractor, trailer, semi with those that look like a bugle horn.
I see a train horn coming up out of a cave. They're blowing the horn.
It almost looks like one of those old German bunkers that you see, the concrete bunker, and it had the slit and they could shoot out of them.
But this is coming out, and it's a fortified-looking bunker with concrete on all of it other than a little slit to look out.
And I see these horns that are blowing out of this bunker. There's been so many of the underground church in Iran.
I see their cries, and the dawning of a new day is at hand for you. They've been crying out for liberation and freedom.
They've been crying out for the persecution that they've been coming under.
They've been under so much persecution. And I see the sun arising with a new day concerning you.
This is concerning the underground church. I hear it, and there's a new song sounding for them.
There's a new song for the underground church of Iran. A new song as the sun begins to shine on your new freedom.
To stand up with this distraction that is happening for you to witness to those that are around you.
I've given you a window. What will you do with the window? A supernatural sound, a supernatural wind, a supernatural presence will flow from within.
I see them laying hands on the people around them and the power of God flowing out as a sign.
This is what you've been waiting for. What's beautiful is I see gold with beautiful blue sapphires. This gold is the most purest gold, refined gold.
In the middle of it are these beautiful blue-looking octagons, like sapphires inside of this beautiful gold.
This gold is the most beautiful yellow gold, but it looks almost transparent.
But in this transparent-looking beautiful gold, there's beautiful sapphires.
As I'm praying, I'm looking at it in the spirit, and some of the sapphires are beautiful.
So beautiful dark blues and lighter-color blues, but they sparkle on this gold that is transparent, and it looks like rings.
Some of it looks like bracelets. And it's actually all made into this jewelry that is most beautiful designs.
They're not normal looking like you would see what you'd buy at a jewelry store. This is like beautiful artwork.
It's not like when you see those huge bricks of gold that you can go buy at the gold dealer.
It's more pure than that. Gold in its purest form is beautiful looking gold, but it's so bright.
This gold is so bright with these beautiful sapphires. I see him singing to the church of Irene.
I see them laying hands on people just walking in, and these people look like they don't have much.
They're laying hands on people and the power of God is going out as a sign.
This is that. I see Jesus appearing to these people, visitations from the Lord.
Now that's interesting. I see dry bones getting flesh on them.
I see a skeleton that has hollowed-out eyes, and there's a whirlwind around it. I see a whirlwind around this skeleton.
And as the whirlwind whips around these dry bones, flesh is coming back on these bones and the organs are coming back in.
I see the blood and the heart coming back in the chest. And as the whirlwind goes around this skeleton, it's all forming back into a whole man.
It's moving up and the blood and the skin is coming up like this.
It's growing on these rib cages before my eyes. I see the skin coming back to life on these rib cages. It's moving up like it's bleeding.
But as it moves up, the lungs, the heart, the esophagus, all the parts, the liver, all of it is coming back into this.
It's spinning around, and I see the head being attached to the spine and the deadness is all coming back to life.
It's a whirlwind. I see a whirlwind. Greater works and greater works.
You think dead doesn't have to be you? You think dead coming back to life and no flesh there?
Oh, skeletons will come back. How dead is dead? Deteriorated dead.
Do you have faith for deteriorated dead or is it just barely dead?
'Though you were dead, yet shall you live.'To what extent? How much faith do you have?
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'How dead is dead? Just a couple of hours dead?
Is your faith just for a couple of hours dead or deteriorated dead?'Wow, that stretched me.
How dead? I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'How dead is dead? Three days.
Though you were dead, yet shall you live.'Speak to the dry bones and you'll see.
Can these bones walk around? I did it once and I'll do it again.
Can these bones live? I see barely any flesh, even meat on these bones.
They're deteriorated so much you can see through them. Dead bones will live again. I see a whirlwind whipping around these bones.
It starts from their feet up, and it starts building back calf muscles and tendons and ligaments and all the things.
And the glory of the Lord rising up on it. I see the lungs appearing back in there—the heart, the spleen, the kidney, all of it.
Skeletons last. Hair comes back. Wow. Lord, I see it. He said, 'How dead is dead, Brandon?'Lord, I believe.
Help my unbelief. Help me, Lord. You shake me, Father. I believe it.
What a better sign, He says, than your uncle that went down several years ago coming back and telling you that there is a hell?
These things are to be a witness in these last days, a shock and awe to the families that wouldn't believe.
Therefore, they come back. You say, 'Cousin so-and-so has been gone for how many years?'He's standing right there.
It's not a familiar spirit. It's a real person that came back from the dead to tell you there is a hell.
'I was wrong. Allah is wrong. There is no Muhammad. Allah is a false god.
You're going to hell. There is only one God, Jehovah Jireh. There is only one God.
And you must be born again and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior to make it to heaven.
There are no virgins for martyrdom.'The Lord said the same thing with Buddha.
He's going to shake the nations. Great signs you will see. Only believe. Though you are dead, yet shall you live. I want to see.
Lord, when he's talking about referring in the Bible—and I know I'm on a live and I don't want to sound ignorant to my audience—but he's talking about bones living.
Ezekiel called the dry bones, but he's talking about bones living and coming back to life. I hear him burdened. Is he talking about Ezekiel 37? Yeah.
'The Lord was with me and he brought me out in the Spirit of the Lord and set me in the middle of a valley. It was full of bones.
He led me back and forth among them, and I saw a great many bones on the floor of the valley, bones that were very dry.
He asked me, "Son of man, can these bones live?"I said, "Sovereign Lord, you alone know."Then he said to me, "Prophesy to these bones and say to them: Dry bones, hear the word of the Lord!
This is what the Sovereign Lord says to these bones: I will make breath enter you, and you will come to life.
I will attach tendons to you and make flesh come upon you and cover you with skin.
I will put breath in you and you will come to life. Then you will know that I am the Lord."'Goodness gracious.
I saw it. The bones! So I prophesied as I was commanded. And as I was prophesying, there was a noise, a rattling sound, and the bones came together, bone to bone.
I looked, and tendons and flesh appeared on them and skin covered them, but there was no breath in them. Then he said to me, 'Prophesy to the breath.
Prophesy, son of man, and say to it: "This is what the Sovereign Lord says: Come, breath, from the four winds and breathe into these slain that they may live."'So I prophesied as he commanded me, and breath entered them; they came to life and stood up on their feet—a vast army.
Then he said to me, 'Son of man, these bones are the people of Israel.
They say, "Our bones are dried up and our hope is gone; we are cut off."Therefore, prophesy and say to them: This is what the Sovereign Lord says: "My people, I am going to open your graves and bring you up from them.
I will bring you back to the land of Israel. Then you, my people, will know that I am the Lord when I open your graves and bring you up from them.
I will put my Spirit in you and you will live, and I will settle you in your own land.
Then you will know that I the Lord have spoken, and I have done it,"declares the Lord.'That's pretty amazing.
Wow. Praise the Lord. I keep praying into that. Lord, I believe.
Help my belief. That is going to be amazing. I believe truly we'll see it. It won't be a metaphor. It's going to be real.
Like, seriously, I just saw these people come back and they testified about what they saw, and they were witnessing to their unsaved loved ones, the ones that are bound by Muhammad, they're Muslims, and they're blinded to it and they won't hear anything else.
But the Lord is leaving the 99 to go to war. You're going to see.
I'm talking—these bones look decayed. They looked yellow, nasty.
And I saw a whirlwind around them. That means he's going to split that grave wide open.
The dead in Christ will rise first. I wonder if that's dead Christians that have come back to witness.
Can these bones live? The dead in Christ will rise first. Imagine cousin Benny's been gone for a while.
I remember when he died, he came back. Hey, I'm telling you, he has flesh; he's walking in your house.
He's going to freak out that Grandma's in there cooking dinner.
She's going, 'Ah, we've been to your funeral!'Hey, it's time to believe God for big things.
Oh, what an amazing God you are to see that, Lord. Signs, signs, signs.
The dead in Christ will rise first. How long do they rise first?
What's the time frame? Does it say that we who remain are caught up with him?
So the dead in Christ rise first, and then those who remain are caught up.
But what's the time frame? Is that a day? Is that an hour? Is that two days? Is that three days?
'For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.'So are we seeing the dead in Christ rise first?
Is that what I was just saying? What am I seeing? Lord, why are they going to have a witness to talk to their cousins?
'You're wrong. You've got to get saved. There is a hell. There is a heaven'—as a witness.
Could we be seeing that? I don't know. Those of you who are dead, yet shall you live.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but I'm just believing because I saw these people witnessing.
I saw—in fact, in the vision right then—I saw a man be raised up from the dead with bone, flesh, everything.
He was a man and he had black hair. All of it came back and he started teaching, and he looked young, probably in his 30s.
As he was talking, he was telling those that were around him that there is a heaven and there is a hell and they needed to repent and come to Jesus.
He was witnessing to these people, and he was underneath the glory of God.
Now, that's just me telling you what I just saw in the spirit when I was praying.
But does it line up with scripture? I think so. I mean, from what I just saw, it's happened before.
I've done it before; I'll do it again. He's talking about Ezekiel.
I'm going to raise up the dead. Can these bones live? Believe me for bigger things.
And I say, 'How dead is dead?'Does it have to be just a couple of hours dead for you to believe?
But what if they're decayed? Can they still come back? Can you believe bigger? Stretch. Stretch.
Now, I'm not telling you to go over to your loved one's grave and start telling them to get up.
That's not what I'm saying. This was the Middle East. What I was looking at, I was looking at people in Iran when I was praying right then. Now, I'm not saying it won't happen in America.
I don't want to become fanatical and have people go, 'Well, Bernie, you're telling me to go to my grandpa who's been dead and start telling him to get up.'I didn't say that.
God's going to split open the grave and he's going to do it. That's not what I said.
So don't try to form some kind of weird doctrine and start going around graves and talking to all your family that went on before you. Don't get weird.
Pray this: 'I see in part, I hear in part.'But a lot of times I feel like some people just take one little part of what I've seen and they go running down the trail and you're like, 'Hold on.
Wait on God. Don't get ahead of him.'Listen to what he's saying.
There's more to pray out. Don't go on I-35 going 75 miles an hour ahead of him.
He's going, 'Hold on. I had more to say.'But some want to go and raise their grandpa up.
The dead in Christ will rise first, and those that remain will be caught up and forever will be with the Lord.
What's the gap of time for that? It doesn't say. Is it instantaneous?
But I've noticed with God—'let there be light'—there's sometimes a little bit of a window.
There might be just a little bit of something. Could it be a day? I don't know. Something to think about.
I just know he's that big and he's willing to shock and awe the people, folks.
He is into signs. Hallelujah. Well, we'll close it there. It's good with that.
I feel it as well. Hallelujah, Braden. That was pretty neat. Those bones—I could see them and the bones were knitting.
I started looking at that and I thought it started from the floor up.
It was spreading around. And it looked like a whirlwind. And all of a sudden, flesh started coming back on their bodies.
And I saw their joints and their heads, and their mouths were open—just a skeleton.
It was just vastly open. And there was no control over it because it was dead.
And as it was coming around their bodies and their organs, it was coming back on his head.
And breath came back into him. And he came back—eyes, everything.
And I went, 'That's what I was looking at.'And I was just thinking, 'Wow, this is way over the top.'Whoa.
Our God's a big God. Our God is a big God. How small do we think he is?
How big will we allow him to be with our faith? How big is God? He's as big as our faith will allow him to be. Can these bones live? Expose every darkness.
Expose the people underneath the schools, in the old folks'homes, and the hospitals—all the places hiding.
They left the country. They fled like rats on a ship. Father, all the underground bunkers, the biological weapons, all of it.
We thank you, Lord, that our military, Israel's military, and any other military tells us where they all are, and there's no place for them to hide.
And I thank you, Lord, that there's a de-escalation of things, Father, with peace and great revival because they're going to just hand over their arms.
We know you're coming, Lord. We know we're on the verge of seeing something amazing. We thank you, Lord, for our nation is protected.
And as we sleep, we sleep soundly knowing that your hand is on us and that you've never left us and you've never forsaken us.
And you protect Trump and that he has a good night's sleep tonight. Let him sleep a good, sound sleep.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he is able to rest his mind and that the new Homeland Security leader from Oklahoma goes in there, gets sworn in, everything's going to be fine, and that he'll be a good leader for Homeland Security, and they'll keep reinforcing ICE and helping ICE and protecting our American people.
We pray over this new leader from Oklahoma. We thank you, Lord, that you've appointed him and that he'll finish the job without any kind of scandals.
Thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are kept round about this nation from top to bottom, all around Taiwan.
Father, I thank you for a major revival all around these areas, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
We thank you, Lord, for the great and mighty things that you have done and will continue to do to protect America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, and South America—a major move of revival in the Middle East.
God, there's so many places they're bleeding for so much. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Crypto Clarity Act gets passed.
We call the Crypto Clarity Act passed in Jesus'name. Satan, get your hands off of our finances. We tell you to release it in the name of Jesus.
We call the Crypto Clarity Act and the things to do with stability in crypto to be stable and for certain coins to go up like a rocket in the name of Jesus. So, Father, I thank you.
We have more than enough to supply the kingdom of God and do what we need to do in these last days, that we lack no good thing, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for all things that are being held back; demonic forces, Father, are bound and set aside. No more hindrance in Jesus'name.
The angel of the Lord encamp around and about us in the name of Jesus, and we give you praise and glory for it, and everybody say amen and amen concerning that.
Right, I believe it's time for amazing things to happen, but I have to ask you a question before we close tonight.
Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior? You're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
Or you may be already a Christian, but you're just not where you should be.
You've let the world come in a little bit too much. You're riding the fence.
You're lukewarm. The Bible says He'd rather you be hot or cold.
But if you're lukewarm, He'll spew you out of His mouth. I believe it's time.
I believe that Jesus Christ is standing at the door to come and get us.
We're about to see all the things that I believe the Lord has told us is coming.
But the main thing that you need to ask is self-examination time. Where's your thermostat? Where am I right now?
I can't worry about my sister, my brother, my cousin, or whatever.
I have to look at me. Am I right with Jesus? If I was to die tonight, where would I spend eternity?
That's the most important question. You're only responsible for yourself ultimately.
If you go to hell and you don't know Jesus, you're in trouble. Do you understand?
We can worry about everybody else in their business, but really, when it comes down to it and we're looking in the mirror, what about you?
Are you all right with the Lord? Do you know him? You may know a lot about him, but do you know him?
And more importantly, does he know you? It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
There's no such thing as reincarnation. We don't come back as a butterfly, a bird, or some kind of whatever.
Well, you know, if I die, brother, I think I'll come back as an antelope.
No, you're not going to be a buffalo. You're not going to be some kind of pit bull.
You're going to either be absent from the body to be present with the Lord, or you're going to be in hell.
You choose. There's no such thing as reincarnation. There's no such thing as evolution.
There's no such thing as any of this other stuff. There's only one way to heaven, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's many other ways to go to hell, but there's only one way to heaven.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior. If you're here tonight, tonight's your night.
Jesus, just like we heard earlier by Alve Jones, Jesus is at your door knocking.
Will you let him in? He's at your door right now knocking. Will you let him in?
I want you to get really serious with the Lord right now and run to him.
Run to him. He's never left you, and he's never forsaken you.
He's never up there going, "Well, you know what? I don't like you. I like you. I like you, but you know what?
You've been really bad, so I'm going to let you suffer a little bit more."No, he's always there with his arms wide open saying, "Will you come to me?
I love you. I died for you. I suffered greatly for you."And all he wants you to do is say, "Jesus, I surrender all to you.
I need you. I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior."Be all in tonight.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer for you. And I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
It doesn't have to be religious. If you can tell, Brandon is not a religious person.
I am just all about relationship up in here. I want to know him, not just what some preacher tells me.
I want to know him intimately. I want to surrender all tonight. So I just want to pray for you.
If this is for you and you feel that tugging on the inside of you and you know I'm not right with God.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You are not promised tomorrow. Do not take a gamble and say, "Well, I'll do this later."You may not have later.
Today is the day of salvation. Today is the day. Don't put off for tomorrow or five years from now.
Today is the day. You may not have five years. You may not have even the next couple hours.
Do not gamble with your life. So just say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day, and that you're at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me right now.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I repent of them. I ask you to cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin. And Jesus, I'll serve you with all I have.
I'm sold out to you. I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Today's my day, Lord. Today's my day. I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me. I've messed up in so many ways.
But I thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, you said, "As far as the east is from the west, I've taken your sins from you.
I don't remember it anymore."So, thank you, Lord, that I'm free. Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'm all in, Jesus. I love you. Amen and amen."I believe you just said that prayer.
It's a simple prayer, but if you meant it with your heart and you said it from your heart, I believe you're saved.
Now, what do you do? You go to a Bible-believing church. It's not hard.
Go to a non-denominational church. That's where my wife and I would go.
Get plugged in there. Tell that pastor, "Listen, I got born again.
I'm new here, but I want to be water-baptized. Can you help me?"And I guarantee you they'll help you.
"Hey, I need to be water baptized. Help me get water baptized."Go to their Bible studies.
Go to Wednesday night church, Sunday, whatever they have, the doors open. Get plugged in there and read your Bible every day and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, my wife and I want to buy you your first Bible, absolutely free.
We're not going to solicit you any other way. We just want to give you a Bible just to celebrate your decision.
Now, how do you get the Bible? You have to email us in the description down below.
Tell us, "Hey, I just got born again"in the headline and put your address so we can ship it to you, and we'll ship it to you as quickly as possible.
My wife is caught up, thank God. It's taken her a long time. We've got a lot of people born again on all these channels and she sends a lot of Bibles out, so it takes her a lot of work.
So she told me, she said, "Brandon, for all the ones that gave me an address, I'm completely caught up now."So I thought, "Thank God."So we have 36 of you that just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family. We are excited you're here. Stick around. Come pray with us. Be a part of this prayer group.
You can like, subscribe, and do all the things you can to help us out with the algorithm. Come back and pray with us.
We'll never ask you for anything other than we just want to tell you we love you if you got born again.
Now listen, and there'll be other people trying to impersonate me all over the internet.
That is not me. I'm not asking you for money for crypto. I'm not asking you for money for an orphanage.
I'm not asking you for money for nothing. So, anybody asking you for something is not me. Do not fall for it.
Down in the description below are my only links that tell you where to find me outside of this: X, Instagram, Facebook, and TikTok.
My links are down below, okay? Do not follow any other channels.
Those are false channels; people are trying to impersonate me.
They make me say all kinds of things that I did not say through AI. Do not follow those channels.
And I'm not going to try to have a club where you subscribe and pay monthly for crypto advice.
That is not me. I do not give you crypto advice. I am not a financial adviser.
I do not give financial advice to anybody. So, please do not give $50,000 to the scammer.
Okay? I saw the lady get it. 'Brandon, you asked for $50,000.
I can't believe you did that to me.'Dear sister, that is not me.
I didn't ask you for anything. I think the ignorance is at an all-time high.
But I'm just going to tell you: if I say it out of my mouth, I will not ask you for a dime. Never. I'm here to love you.
If you want to bless my family, I have links in the description for tithes and things like that if you feel led to. Only if you're led to. But I'm not asking you for a dime.
I'm saying, 'Hey, there's people that say, "Hey, I want to help you with Bibles."There's people who say, "Hey, I want to help you with things."'That's fine.
That's you. That's what the Lord's led you to do. But we're here just to love on you.
Louisiana just had an earthquake, 4.9. Pretty wild. Louisiana, right in the area that I told you it was coming.
That's down by Shreveport. That's pretty interesting, huh?
Wonder if that's from fracking. I wonder if they frack there.
If they frack from that, you know, they put the water in the ground, they pump out the oil stuff.
That's interesting. Why Louisiana? Is that the New Madrid?
Does it go down that far? Yeah. Oh, it does? Yeah. That's creepy.
I believe it is the signs of the times. Wake up, Louisiana. So, we love you.
We're so thankful for all of you that are here tonight and we will see you again.
A lot of it is all Arkansas and Mississippi. Pretty cool though. I bet they were pretty shook up.
I wonder how long it lasted; even ten seconds seems like ten minutes.
Anytime the Earth's moving for ten seconds, it's spooky, especially if it's shallow.
So, we love you all. I pray this video blessed you tonight. I pray you got something.
I pray you practice what I'm talking about. Anoint your kids with oil.
Anoint your house. Anoint your husband. Anoint your wife. Well, they're not believers?
Anoint them anyway. Give them a hug at night. Rub them on the back of their head.
Say, 'What are you doing?''I'm a praying mom. I'm a praying father.
I'm going to anoint you regardless.'They may get mad at you, but you can do it when they're sleeping.
They get up and they have a shiny nose. It's not Rudolph, honey.
It's not grease. It's not Crisco. I'm anointing you with the blood of Jesus.
You're going to get saved. I tell you, in the name of Jesus, you're coming out of that hell.
You're going to get born again. Hey, it could happen and I believe it will happen.
We love you all. Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you all. Have a wonderful evening. Sleep well. Bye-bye.